Devportal helium docs (#3918)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/dev-portal/service-documentation.md

no_version: true
---

> A core function of the Developer Portal is uploading Service descriptions and API specs. Developers can use the Spec and corresponding descriptions to access, consume, and register new applications against your Services. For a step by step tutorial on publishing a Service Description and an API Spec to the Developer Portal see our [Get Started: Set Up and Access Dev Portal](/konnect/getting-started/publish-service) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A core function of the Dev Portal is publishing Service descriptions and API specs. Developers can use the spec and corresponding descriptions to access, consume, and register new applications against your Services. For a step by step tutorial on publishing a Service description and an API spec to the Dev Portal, see our [Get Started: Set Up and Access Dev Portal](/konnect/getting-started/publish-service) guide.
```
Err on the side of not capitalizing things.

## Service Descriptions

> Service Descriptions Provide extended descriptions of your Services with Markdown. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide extended descriptions of your Services with a Markdown (`.md`) file. The contents of this file will be displayed as the introduction to your API in the Dev Portal. The
```

description applies to the whole Service, and appears on every version of that

> Service in the Dev Portal. The contents of this markdown file will be displayed as the introduction to your API when this Service is published to the Dev Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service in the Dev Portal. 
```
Moved the info for better flow.

### Upload a Service Description

> 1. From the left navigation menu, open the **ServiceHub** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the left navigation menu, open the {% konnect_icon servicehub %} **ServiceHub** page.
```

2. Select a Service to open its overview.

3. In the **Service Document** section, click **Upload Document**.

3. Select a `.md` file to upload.

### Update a Service Description

> You can upload a new document to replace an existing Service Document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can upload a new document to replace an existing Service document.
```

1. From the left navigation menu, open the {% konnect_icon servicehub %} **ServiceHub** page.

2. Select a Service to open its overview.

3. In the **Service Document** section:
    * To upload a new file, click the **file icon**, then

>     **Replace**. Select a new `.md` file to upload.

Reviewer: Turn this:

> 3. In the **Service Document** section:
    * To upload a new file, click the **file icon**, then
    **Replace**. Select a new `.md` file to upload.

Into this:

> 3. In the **Service Document** section, click the **file icon**, then **Replace**. Select a new `.md` file to upload.

or split into two steps, if you prefer.

> ### Delete a Service Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Delete a Service description
```

> You can delete an existing document from the Developer Portal. Deleting a Service Description will permanently remove it from the Developer Portal. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete an existing document from the Dev Portal. Deleting a Service description will permanently remove it from the Dev Portal. 
```

1. From the left navigation menu, open the {% konnect_icon servicehub %}**ServiceHub** page.

2. Select a Service to open its overview.

> 3. In the **Service Document** section:

Reviewer: Same as in previous section, no need for a bullet point.

    * To delete the file, click the **gear icon**, then **Delete**.
    Click **Delete** again to confirm.

> ## API Specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API specification
```

> API Specifications are uploaded and attached to a specific Version within your Developer Portal. You can have different API Specifications that correspond to different versions. {{site.konnect_short_name}} accepts OpenAPI (Swagger) specs in YAML or JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API specifications, or specs, can be uploaded and attached to a specific Version within your Dev Portal. You can have different API specs that correspond to different versions. {{site.konnect_short_name}} accepts OpenAPI (Swagger) specs in YAML or JSON
```

format.

### Upload a Version Spec

> 1. From the left navigation menu, open the **ServiceHub** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the left navigation menu, open the {% konnect_icon servicehub %} **ServiceHub** page.
```

> 2. Click a Service version to open the Service Overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click a Service to open the Service Overview.
```

3. From the left-hand navigation bar, click **Versions**.

4. Click a specific Version from the list.

5. In the **Version Spec** section, click **Upload Spec**.

6. Click **Upload Spec** to upload your Open API Specification file.

    The spec must be in YAML or JSON format. You
    can use [vitalsSpec.yaml](/konnect/vitalsSpec.yaml) as a sample spec to test this functionality.
    If the Service was previously published to the Dev Portal, the documentation
    for the Service gets automatically updated with your changes. If not,
    [publish](/konnect/dev-portal/publish) the Service.

### Update a Version Spec

> 1. From the left navigation menu, open the **ServiceHub** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the left navigation menu, open the {% konnect_icon servicehub %} **ServiceHub** page.
```

> 2. Click a Service version to open the Service Overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. From the left navigation menu, open the **ServiceHub** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 2. Click a Service version to open the Service Overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

3. From the left-hand navigation bar, click **Versions**.

4. Click a specific Version from the list.

5. In the **Version Spec** section:

>     * To update the spec, click the spec to update it, then click **Replace**. Choose a new YAML or

Reviewer: No need for a bullet point.

    JSON spec to replace the existing one.
    

>     The published documentation for the Service is automatically updated in the Developer Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The published documentation for the Service is automatically updated in the Dev Portal.
```

### Delete a Version Spec

1. From the left navigation menu, open the {% konnect_icon servicehub %} **ServiceHub**.

> 2. Click a Service version to open the Service Overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click a Service to open the Service Overview.
```

3. From the left-hand navigation bar, click **Versions**.

4. Click a specific Version from the list.

5. In the **Version Spec** section:

>     * To delete the file, click the **gear icon**, then **Delete** > to remove the spec.

Reviewer: No need for a bullet point.
